Thanks to the middle, where cold share errors from session, the errors flashed through the session
when validation fails are always available as the errors variable in blade templates.
Let's open the create blade template to display all arrows from the form first, you can check if there
are any errors using the IV directive and the object inside the arrows variable.
Any methods?
That area was variable, is an object of the message, but class.
Let's add some mark-up inside, starting with UNDEF element and on Unordered, at least now the old
method gives a list of errors that you can iterate over so you can use for each and iterate over errors,
all using the error variable and then close that for each loop, then just output error variable to
show users the actual error messages.
Let's switch over to the browser to see if the area reporting works.
Try sending an empty form.
The errors are visible and as a reminder, when validation fails, redirect is made to the last page.
In our case, the page with the form and the session contains the errors variable.
This was good to display all errors that happened, if you want to display field specific errors close
to their related field, you can use that error directive.
Code around the error directive will only render when the reason there are for a specific property.
Then you can print it using the special message variable.
So let's see this in action.
There it is, are title specific error.